N35: Announcements (#1083)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/035/index.md

[Spotify][gamedev-podcast-spotify],
[RSS Feed][gamedev-podcast-rss],
or [Google Podcasts][gamedev-podcast-google].

[podcast-9]: https://rustgamedev.com/episodes/interview-with-carter-anderson-bevy
[bevy]: https://bevyengine.org/
[gamedev-podcast-site]: https://rustgamedev.com/
[gamedev-podcast-apple]: https://podcasts.apple.com/gb/podcast/rust-game-dev/id1526304768
[gamedev-podcast-spotify]: https://open.spotify.com/show/7HRfGnTcXkLkQd9fxJbDGj
[gamedev-podcast-rss]: https://feeds.simplecast.com/C6NQglnL
[gamedev-podcast-google]: https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9mZWVkcy5zaW1wbGVjYXN0LmNvbS9DNk5RZ2xuTA

### Rust GameDev Meetup

![Gamedev meetup poster](gamedev-meetup.png)

The 17th Rust Gamedev Meetup took place in May. You can watch the recording of
the meetup [here on Youtube][gamedev-meetup-video]. Here was the schedule from
the meetup:

- Choir - [@kvark]
- RustConf Arcade Cabinet - [@carlosupina]
- retime - [@Togg]
- Graphite - [@GraphiteEditor]

The meetups take place on the second Saturday every month via the [Rust Gamedev
Discord server][rust-gamedev-discord] and are also [streamed on
Twitch][rust-gamedev-twitch]. If you would like to show off what you've been

> working on at the next meetup on [June 11th][rust-meetup-time], fill out [this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
working on at the next meetup on [July 9th][rust-meetup-time], fill out [this
```

Author: :100:
